hello how about friends all like me
know their friends the tutor sisters and
Well, this time I come and in the
response of a comment that I
they made the Chinese rock video good
of how to change the Spanish filling
and have a request for how to change
applications to the sd in the jee-lc 5x
that's good since in this cell phone like
good traitor brought from storage
one is the sd card and the memory
internal and since in this cell phone the
applications to change to the s of no
you can because that's why in
this cell phone are brought by that brings the
internal storage that counts for a
giga and a half approximately then what
what we have to do is go to settings
of the system
in adjustment of the system we are going to go to
Applications
and boxes will show us the
downloaded
what if we want to see them then
we just click where in the
application and x before forcing attention
and here below shows us in clear data
or move to the micro sd good because this
is without any more we put it in move
and we wait for the sun and it's lonely
show us that the application
effectively moved on the sd
here you can see that here
as I in return put us in moving the
phone
well, you see it's easy
we follow and so we give with all we force
the detention
and move to the microsd
in some never appear this and what
some we can not move
here we go
and we give a move to the s
we wait
here there is no more to move to the phone and
here is it does not want to tell us that
we have moved in the application to the
I died
good friends well well this one by one
I know it's serious but that's the way
way and good then in practically that
it would be everything
I will keep coming back with more tutorials and
I promise to answer in the comments
as soon as possible and good thanks for
watch my videos and do not forget the sisters
tutorial on twitter and the sisters in
good zeal for this is all
I say bringing more videos and even the
next